Due in spring 2020 from scenic hill farm nursery: 
    hood strawberry plants, 10 bare root

Due... Jan or Feb?... from groworganic: 
    Seascape Strawberry Plants        (approx 25) [FP786]
    Sequoia Strawberry Plants         (approx 25) [FP756]
    Honeoye Strawberry Plants         (approx 25) [FP686]
    Fort Laramie Strawberry Plants    (approx 25) [FP761]
    Chandler Strawberry Plants        (approx 25) [FP701]
        * Plant strawberries everywhere and see where they grow. 
    Goji Berry Root Crown Cutting - Phoenix Tears (Each) [FV372]
        * plant S of mulberry, E of hugel?

Due in April from Honeyberry USA: 
    Phoenix Tears Goji      4"-1' tall	1
        * Stick this one in a pot and see what happens
    Meader Kiwi             4"-1' tall	1
        * Plant along garden fence by the raspberries?
    Arctic Raspberry        2-pack	    1
        * full sun, well drained. One in ground, one in container?
    Poorman Gooseberry      4"-1' tall	
    Tixia Gooseberry        4"-1' tall	1
    Jeanne Gooseberry       4"-1' tall	1
        * gooseberires self-fertile and perhaps thorny. Split up at edges of garden, away from currants. 
Due someday from Cultivariable
    Florida Betony, Clone A, 5 rhizome segments 
    Florida Betony, Clone C, 5 rhizome segments 
    Yacon, Bogachiel, 1 rhizome propagule 
    Yacon, Kalaloch, 1 rhizome propagule 
    Sea kale seeds, intact, 30 seeds 
    Skirret, Group 1, 200 seeds 
    Skirret, Group 2, 100 seeds 
    Oca roulette, 20 tubers

Due... Jan 2020?... from Burnt Ridge Nursery (WA):
    BISALTA NO. 3 CHESTNUT (Castanea sativa x crenata)
        Can have very large nuts; however, overbearing can result in up to 6 nuts per bur - resulting in mid sized nuts. Bisalta No.3 Chestnut is a vigorous, productive tree with good flavored nuts. Pollen sterile. Blight resistant European X Japanese cultivar.
    BOUCHE DE BETIZAC CHESTNUT (Castanea sativa x crenata)
        A vigorous, upright tree that produces large crops of big nuts. They taste great and peel well. Bouche de Betizac Chestnut is a widely adapted tree, resistant to blight and phytopthora root rot and gall wasp. A European X Japanese selection from France. Pollen sterile. Ripens late, yet able to ripen in cooler climates.
    CHINESE CHESTNUT (Castanea mollissima)
        Smaller, rounded tree. Chinese Chestnuts produce fine quality, easy peeling, sweet nuts. Blight resistant.
    EMERALD CARPET RASPBERRY (Rubus pentalobus)
        Fairly fast growing evergreen groundcover raspberry native to the mountains of Taiwan. Yellow/orange berries are ripe in mid summer and taste good. Grows in sun or shade. It's tough and drought tolerant once established. The broad leathery dark green evergreen leaves of Emerald Carpet Raspberry make a good ground cover for weed supression and soil stabilization. Sometimes called 'Orangeberry'. Zone 6-10.
    G BUSH BUTTERNUT SEEDLING (Juglans cinera)
        Hardiest of the walnut family, late leafing, producing thick shelled nuts of rich distinctive flavor. Beautiful wood. Seedlings the historic G Bush Butternut Tree were brought from Missouri to Tumwater ,WA in a wagon by a free black man named George Bush in 1845. Zone 3-9.
    GOUMI SEEDS (Eleagnus multiflora)
        This Nitrogen fixing, non-invasive shrub produces reddish-orange tart fruits in early July. The Goumi berry is a medium sized bush related to the Autumn Olive. Its leaves are dark green with silvery undersides. Berries can be used in jams, pies or eaten fresh. Hardy to -25°F. 
    HARDY SILVERBERRY (Elaeagnus commutata)
        A very tough nitrogen fixing decidious shrub native to the Rocky Mountains and Plains of Canada and the U.S. Hardy Silverberry is related to Autumn Olive and Goumi and shares their ability to take nitrogen out of the air and put it into the ground; thus improving the soil. Suitable on reclaimation sites and other poor or disturbed soils, or for use as a hedgerow or windbreak. Small fragrant yellow flowers followed by silvery foliage on reddish brown stems. The silverberries are dry and mealy. While edible, they are mostly consumed by birds. Reaches a height of 10-12 ft. tall at maturity. Very hardy and drought tolerant once established. Zone 2-7.
    KENWORTHY BUTTERNUT (Juglans cinera)
        Looks and tastes like an unusually large butternut though it may be a natural hybrid with Heartnut which could explain its great vigor and resistance to butternut canker. Large flavorful nuts, good cracking quality. Kenworthy Butternut trees are vigorous and self-fruitful.
    LAYEROKA CHESTNUT (Castanea mollissima x sativa)
        An early ripening variety. Heavy yield of medium to large, sweet nuts. Precocious, vigorous tree, erect timber form. Layeroka Chestnut is a very winter hardy, blight resistant tree. Pollen sterile. Zone 4-8.
    MARAVAL CHESTNUT (Castanea sativa x crenata)
        Very large nuts, late ripening. Maraval Chestnuts are resistant to blight and phytopthora root rot. A pollinator. Zone 5-8.
    PRECOCE MIGOULE CHESTNUT (Castanea sativa x crenata)
        Our earliest ripening grafted variety. Very dependable producer in cool regions. Large nuts of good flavor on a vigorous, upright tree. Precoce Migoule Chestnut is a good pollinizer for Colossal and others. Blight resistant. European X Japanese hybrid.

due ??? from eburgess.com
    Hardy Pecans
    Sweet Chestnuts
    Carpathian English Walnut
    Victoria Rhubarb
    Glaskins Perpetual Red Rhubarb
    Russian Mulberry
    American Persimmon
    Honeoye Strawberry
    White Carolina Pineberry
    Strawberry Bargain
    Sparkle Strawberry
    Concord Grape
    Niagara Grape
    Muscadine Grape
    Mary Washington Asparagus
    Rose of Sharon Tree
    Ground Cherry Tomato
    Giant Ranunculus
    Ruffled Gladiolus
    Trip L Crop Tomato

